  The helicopter flew over the clearing of the forest. The Vigilante, Urban, Casino and Arachnid jumped off, whereas the Rider was already there, bike still on fire. "Sup slowpokes,"
Rider taunted. Urban rolled her eyes. "I swear, u say that again and I'll use a fire extinguisher" she said. "Babe don't be mean." the Vigilante muttered.
  The search begun. "That bald guy said that the dude looked like a hermit without a face. let's look for that." Casino suggested. "This forest is So BiG. Split up lah, easier lai
dat." Arachnid added. Vigilante and Urban went to the North, Rider and Casino went South, and Arachnid and a few soldiers went West.

In the South:
  Rider and Casino saw no sign of a "hermit without a face", so they decided to rest and play poker under a tree. "Ummmm, dude, look up." Rider stuttered. Above them, various decapitated
bodies were found. Casino levitated up. He instantly recognised one of the bodies. "Hey, that dude Shaw is up here!" Casino shouted.

In the West:
  A rather scenic walk it was, but no creepy stuff, just a beautiful lake. They decided to rest by the lake and have a snack. A group of locals, sunburnt and malnourished, limped over.
"Help! Our boss's been murdered!" one shouted.

In the North:
  Vigilante and Urban did not have to walk long to find the Guardian. "I've been warned...of 5 heroes...You 2 must be part...Now tell me...your greatest fear.." he said. "I see," the Guardian sneered. 
"This is not good." Urban thought. A mist surrounded them. 
  Urban was transported to a road. Fire surrounded her. People were shouting repeatedly. A car beside her exploded. It all seemed so... familiar. Then it hit her: It was the 
day she saw her brother get killed in. "Oh no, NONONOONONONOOOOOOOOOO" Urban screamed. In a flash, all the people vanished, leaving her in an empty street. The houses and cars were 
still on fire. Suddenly, shadowy figures appeared around her. Holding curved daggers, they started attacking her.
  The Vigilante was transported into...a historic site? A group of tourists stood in front of a Renaissance church, admiring it.  It all seemed so... familiar. Then it hit him: It was the day
when his family was taken away in an earthquake overseas. "Dammit, this again?" the Vigilante thought. In a flash, the group of tourists disappeared, leaving him in a deserted town.
Suddenly, the ground started rumbling and shaking. The historic site started crumbling. From the crevices came out dark shadowy figures crawled out. Running towards him, they started trying to attack him.

In the South:
  "Shaw? That dead guy?" Rider asked. Casino nodded. "Not only him. All the people the bald guy mentioned are here. Or at least, what's left." Casino explained. Rider cringed. Opening a
portal up, Rider's hellfire turned purple. The treetops were filled with the butchered bodies of all the victims of the murders that had taken place in the forest. "We should probably
contact our team mates for help" Casino suggested. Rider quickly tried contacting everyone. "Hiiiiiii babe, what happ?" Arachnid asked. "Heyyyyyyyy have you heard from Vigilante or
Urban?" Rider asked. "Idk where they went... We should probably regroup. A bunch of locals mentioned that their boss, Shaw, had been murdered. This place is dangerous." Arachnid said.
Nodding, Rider and Casino rerouted their GPS to Vigilante's and Urban's tracker.

In the West:
  "Ok hold on so what u mean is that u found his corpse, which is essentially pulp at this point, strewn on the trees of ur camp?" Arachnid asked, confused. The local nodded. "Shit." She said. Just then, her
phone rang. It was Rider.  "Hiiiiiii babe, what happ?" Arachnid asked. "Heyyyyyyyy have you heard from Vigilante or
Urban?" Rider asked. "Idk where they went... We should probably regroup. A bunch of locals mentioned that their boss, Shaw, had been murdered. This place is dangerous." Arachnid said.
Nodding, Rider and Casino rerouted their GPS to Vigilante's and Urban's tracker.

In the North:
  "KILLER MOVE: Whirlpool of colour!" yells Urban as she throws her spray paint cans around, causing them to spin around her while spraying the paint like a fountain. A signature move of hers.
Multiple shadowy figures, or Shadows, are knocked out, while the rest jump back in surprise. They growled. Scabbards materialised in their hands. Screeching, they rushed towards her.
  Meanwhile, Vigilante was surrounded. The narrow alleys of Civita di Bagnoregio are not the most ideal fighting location for many heroes. Fortunately, Vigilante isn't like those heroes. Quickyly climbing up a wall,
he released his gauntlet's blades and vaulted through the 2 walls like a spider, killing any shadow in his way.

  Soon, Rider, Casino, Arachnid and the soldiers arrive. An ominous fog covering the unconscious Urban and Vigilante greeted them. "It seems we have some new guests..." the Guardian said. Knowing something was off,
Rider immediately shot a burst of fire towards the Guardian, while Arachnid and Casino transported the 2 heroes away from the fog. A rash soldier ran into the fog, but started foaming from the mouth and fainted.
Sighing, Rider chained his body and pulled him out. They ran back to the camp where the rescued woodcutters were. Just as they arrived, the 3 people awoke.
