"Welcome to the grand reopening of Golden Aces Integrated Resort!" announced the host. Casino smiled. The resort was closed for renovations for over 2 months, causing him to be bored
outta his mind. Sure, there were random monster attacks every now and then, but they could never match the thrill of doing mesmerizing card tricks in front of those rich people.

The new rooms meant more customers, keeping him extremely busy. "Wanna draw another card? You seem don't confident with your deck" remarked Casino. "Sir, I'm always confident." said the
man, as he adds $300 to the pool. "I wish he'd tip more instead of betting more." thought Casino

Suddenly, the glitzy ballroom lights shut down. BOOM! A part of the ceiling collapsed. "Quick, evacuate the people! I'll handle this!" Casino said into his Walkie Talkie. "Noted. Good thing
we have a hero as our staff." said his collegue. The dust settled. 2 glowing blue eyes shone. A sleek, buff metal suit stood up. 

"For too long have you elites squandered your resources, enjoying your lavish lifestyles while those who can only dream of having a drop of your wealth suffer in the sidelines! How cruel! How
unfair! Hand over all your money or face the wrath of... The Blunderbuss!" announced the mysterious suited antagonist. Casino was having none of it. Shuffling the deck on his hand, a bright purple
aura englufed the cards. "Hey! I hate getting the short end of the stick of capitalism too, but that don't mean I go around blowing up tourist attractions!" He flicked the topmost card towards the 
Blunderbuss. A rumbling, grinding sound of crushed metal was heard, and through his arm cannon he shot sharp metal flakes at the flying card. "Bah! A puny flaming card, do you truly look so lowly on-"

Before he could finish, the scrap metal hit the flying card, and a deafening explosion rang around the room. "Everyone! Please evacuate! I'll handle this blunder!" shouted Casino as if the patrons weren't
already running for their lives.

The blue lights shone through the smoke, clearly livid. The android suit grabbed a chair and shoved it into a slot in its forearm, before the same grinding sound was heard. The source of the ammo! 

"Well, this shouldn't be too hard." Casino dashed towards the Blunderbuss, masterfully dodging its machine gun barrage of wood scraps. He threw the deck of cards in a straight line, held together by his magnificent
telekinesis. An instant rope dart, linking with explosive cards and the precision of a youthful mind. Chaining the machine, Casino detonated some of the cards around the forearms of the suit.

"GRAGHHHHHH!" The man in the suit howled in agony. "Mercy, hero! I'll turn myself in! Just get the message across to the government, please? I might've taken the wrong route, but others in my situation are in dire 
need for help. Casino hesitated, inspecting the wound. Third degree burns, and a pretty deep cut from the metal. He reshaped the lodged metal, turning it into a powdered-metal bandage. 

"This won't hold, I'll take you to the hospital first. The resort has one, 2 buildings away from here." he said, using his powers to lift the man who was barely holding back tears. "You'll be ok, I promise"


After ensuring the man was properly checked into A&E, Casino looked through his phone. A missed call. "Seriously, not pickin up again? As soon as you hear this, drop by the nearest OWA branch, a portalmaster will brief
take you to the emergency mission briefing", an understandably angry voicemail from the One World Agency(OWA). Dubious origins aside, efficiency had always been something he appreciated about their management.
He shuffled the cards and threw them onto the ground, spreading them out to form a platform. Lifting this card platform, Casino flew to the OWA branch, ready for the mission.
