
  Looking at his watch, Rider shook his head. "Where's that stupid girl? I hope she didn't get into trouble again," He thought. He sat on his bike and rode to the GPS coordinates of
Arachnid's phone's location.
  
  Meanwhile, in Alley 13. 
  
  A girl with black glasses was gripping her yellow wallet so tightly until her knuckles turned white. 
  (her wallet IS yellow right) Groaning, she bashed it against the wall next to her as if she was squashing a scuttling cockroach into a jam. 
  Suddenly, it unfolded and a few notes popped out and landed on the dirty floor. 
  She then flipped the card compartment out and fiddled with it until it became a fan shaped set of blades - her cards were actually thin metal knives. 
  She then spun around to face the mysterious person following her, ready to use her blade fan. 
  
  A loud revving of a motor bike engine announced Rider's glorious arrival. He jumped off his bike with an ungraceful thud and immediately rushed off to pick up Arachnid. 
  
  

  Looking at his watch, Rider shook his head. "Where's that stupid girl? I hope she didn't get into trouble again."he thought. He sat on his bike and rode to the GPS coordinates of
Arachnid's phone's location. 
  After breaking 22 different road laws, Rider finally found Arachnid in an alley.
  "Hey, girl, go somewhere else." Rider grunted.
  "Why should I?" Arachnid said, scowling, turning around. She expected to see one of those burly men who were wimps that beat up people to act tough. Rider smiled and waved.
  "Calm down now girl," Rider says, letting out a light laugh, "Don't kill me please." He raised his hands in mock defeat. 
  "Rider? I thought were meeting at 3? Am I late?" she asked, confused. 
  "Check your phone." He says laughing. 
  She turned on her phone, connecting to Rider's hotspot. What greeted her was about a hundred messages from the same person. 
  "WE NEED YOU HERE NOW." 
  "SEND, STUPID MESSAGE." 
  The rest were basically of the same context. "Ah..." she say, realisation hitting her, "I should really get mobile data soon." She looked up once she was done scrolling the 
messages. 
  "Well, let's go."
  Suddenly, Rider's motorcycle's radio went static. An unfamiliar voice appeared. "Calling all heros in the vicinity, we need your help" it said. "Who the hell was that?" Rider
said. Arachnid shrugged. "Guess that means teabreak's cancelled. I'll reroute the GPS to its origin. Then we beat up the guy that cost us our meal" Rider said, smiling. Arachnid nodded.
"Aw man, can we stop at McDonald's first? I'm hungry." she said.