  The blazing sun of Southeast Asia shone across the forest. Deep inside the jungles of Sabah, illegal logging tycoon J.S Shaw took another puff off his cigar as he walked towards
some of his loggers. These people were not actually his, but he and his men had kidnapped them from their hometowns and forced them to do a job they were not supposed to do. A worker
limped towards him.
  "S-s-sir, I am not feeling well today. I have been coughing none stop since last night and now I have a painful headache. Could I have a rest for today?" the man said between coughs.
  Shaw sneered. "You can rest...once you finish this plot of land." The man's friends walked up to Shaw. "Hey! His sick! Let him rest!" they shouted as they put down their axes. "If he
could not be excused, we will not work for you, you cruel monster."
  Shaw's eyes widened."Your defiance is courageous, but it won't serve you well" he said. Pulling out a pistol, he fired shots straight into the sick man. The man coughed up blood and fell. "Abang! Don't leave us!" his friend said, crying. "Whoever
dares to be lazy will be next!" Shaw shouted. The man's friends, fearing for their lives, reluctantly left the man to die. "You will be avenged" one said.

  That night, J.S Shaw was walking up to his tent when he heard a voice in the wind. "Shaw...". He grabbed his AK rifle. "Who was that?!" He screamed. "You heartless monster..." the
voice muttered. He walked towards the direction of the voice. Suddenly, he saw it. A man, way taller than him. He wore a tank top and shorts. He had no face. His long, bony finger pointed
at Shaw. "Your callousness for life disgusts me. Not only man, but the environment suffers under you" the faceless man muttered. Shaw's eyes widened as a grey mist surrounded him.
  Opening his eyes, he was in a sawmill. "This...is your karma..." the man had disappeared, yet his presence was still felt. Shaw tried to scream. He tried to move,
but to no avail. Frozen in place, a mere witness to his eventual fate. A crank rings from the ceiling. 4 axes fell from the sky, chopping off his limbs. A clean slice, but painful nonetheless. 
Shaw could not scream. To his sudden realisation, he had turned into a tree. Blood splattered everywhere. Blood leaking out from where his arms and legs used to be, a chainsaw appeared in front 
of him. It revs its engines, roaring like a famished beast to a sitting duck. Guts and blood splattered throughout as the blades gnawed off his flesh, tearing it off its bones.
the room. Shaw wanted to scream, in fear, in pain, but he could not move. As the chainsaw approached his neck, it stopped. The mist surrounded him again.
  His eyes wide open, he was back in the forest. The faceless man placed his head in front of Shaw's eyes. "This...is what you have done to the trees... Not so good when it happens to you eh..."
the man said. No reply, for the person who was formerly Shaw was strewn on the trees like confetti. The man disappeared in a cloud of smoke, watching vigilantly for the destroyers of his precious land.
  
  
